---
layout: post
title: Colonists trick British into attacking, and put the blame on the poor people.
date: '2021-11-23 18:30'
excerpt: Social Studies project where I had to...
comments: false
---
_Note: this is an **OPINION** article. Anything written on this page, is an opinion. I am not discriminating against any third party(ies) mentioned in this article. This article is made to look as if it was written on the perspective of a news reporter writing about the Bostom massacre. I am not a news reporter, I am a middle school kid _tryharding_. Don't sue me._
## This brutal event was later named the <u>Boston Massacre.</u>
The date was March 5, 1770. It was 13:00, ante meridiem.  Schoolchildren were walking with their satchels wrapped around their shoulders. The bells were tolling, and everything seemed all right. Fast forward a quarter day, and the first gunshot pierced through the dying afternoon. 8 humans, with red uniforms, stood there, with their rifles. Clubs were thrown at the soldiers who fired, by the colonists. With no background information, it seems as simple as lorem ipsum:  the British fired at the colonists for no reason at all. However, witness statements were read. Jane Whitehouse was one of the key witnesses. Let’s hear what he had to say. “A man came behind the soldiers  and walked backwards and forward, encouraging them to fire. The Captain stood on the left about three yards. The man touched one of the Soldiers upon the back and said, “Fire, by God I'll stand by you…. He was dressed in dark colored clothes.... He did not look like an Officer. The man fired directly on the word. I am positive the man was not the Captain.... I am sure he gave no orders....”  As proven, gasp: it was not the captain who ordered them  to fire. It was a colonist, given he was wearing dark clothes. The twisted mind of the colonist ordered soldiers to fire upon his own team; his own flesh and blood. One more key witness, James Woodall, was there.”I saw one Soldier knocked down. His Gun fell from him. I saw a great many sticks and pieces of sticks and Ice thrown at the Soldiers. The Soldier who was knocked down took up his Gun and fired directly. Soon after the first Gun I saw a Gentleman behind the Soldiers in velvet of blue or black plush trimmed with gold. He put his hand toward their backs. He then said by God I’ll stand by you whilst I have a drop of blood and then said fire and two went off and the rest to 7 or 8…. The Captain, after, seemed shocked and looked upon the Soldiers. I am very certain he did not give the word fire.” Do you think soldiers wear blue or black plush trimmed with gold? Do you?? Soldiers wore red and white. The colonists are framing the poor British soldiers doing their job, by accusing them of something the colonists caused. This is unjust! 
